We're getting somewhere.
So now let's experiment with like,
let's give the AI a fake journal entry and
then ask it to perform an analysis
on it and see if we can.
Because I mean, the goal here,
right, is to be able to,
we're trying to get back this from the AI.
We wanna give you a journal entry, give me
back the mood, the summary, the color, and
whether it's negative or not.
So a couple things there.
One, we got to figure
out how to ask it that.
Two, we got to figure out how
to make sure it's consistent.
Because that's the thing about AIs.
There's a little bit of randomness into
it that keeps it from giving you the same
thing every time.
I can give it the same problem and
get back.
If I ask it again right now,
I will get back something different.
The code might be the same this might be
different maybe this H1 is down here it's
not always gonna be the same.
So how do we get structured
output from something that's
completely random what do we
have to ask it to get it?
And then how do we keep
all that working so
it's like It's very hard to get
that to work and LinkedIn comes in.
So let's see if we can try
to do some of this stuff and
then we'll bring in some
of the Liang Cheng tools.
So one is the prompt.
So let's say we have some fake entry here.
Well, I guess this will be
the entry will be the prompt.,
how can we try to get some of that back?
So the first thing is prompt engineering.
Prompt engineering is like, let's craft
the best prompts, let's think about it.
And that way if we write
a good enough prompt,
it will give us back the results
that we want, right?
So what I can do in that
case is I'll head back to
where I'm writing in my prompts here and
I'll say I'm going to
give you a journal entry.
I want you to analyze it,
For a few things.
I need the mood, A summary,
what the subject is,
And a color representing, The mood.
You need to respond back.
With formatted JSON like so.
And then I can give it an example
of what that JSON should look like.
So I can say, yeah, it should look like,
name, or I'm sorry mood,
there's like the mood and then there's,
like what else I say subject.
And subject stacks, and
then you have color.
It is like trying to give
a person instructions negative.
And then finally I can say I'm
just going to the next line and
I'm gonna say, entry like this.
And then I'm gonna write
the journal entry.
Today was a really great day.
I finally was able to grab that
pair of shoes I have been dying to get.
All right, so that's my entry,
so we can save that.
And let's see what it gives me back.
And then we'll run it a few times to see,
like, how it differs.
Maybe it'll give us that back exactly
every time and we'll just get lucky.
Maybe it won't, by the way.
Either way, it won't be this is still
missing some things like this doesn't even
know what type these things are like
negative supposed to be a Boolean.
So like it's just so many things here.
So let's run this refresh this
it's gonna take a minute.
So you can see here I personally did get
back an object here so it did work for
me actually did it twice I got back
mood happy subject getting new shoes.
Color yellow, negative false.
So, for me,
it worked out pretty good twice.
And actually, when I look at both of them,
it gave me back the same thing there.
So that was actually really cool.
The problem is you're not gonna
get this every single time.
Sometimes when I run this,
it might be something else.
The other problem is,
it's not gonna give me,
now it's giving me error at the same time.
It's like, yeah, watch,
I'll give it to you and say watch.
Check this out.
The other thing is it doesn't
know the types of things.
This false is false, it's supposed to
be like a Boolean and not a string.
So then you might ask yourself, yeah, I'll
just go in here and be like, I can like
give this thing I mean, you're basically
giving it a schema at this point.
You're like, if I give it a schema
of what it should look like and
I ask it that it should only respond with
this, I should get that back every time.
But sometimes you might see
something like, it'll respond and
instead of just giving you back
this object that you want,
it'll put a word before it's like,
here's your answer.
And that word in front of it will mess
it up because you can't parse that.
So it's like little things like that you
might not get actually wrote a pretty damn
good prompt here.
So it's like, yeah, I understand it.
And that's just cuz [LAUGH] I do this so
much.
But most people probably
wouldn't know how to do this.